						#Requirments:

R1:System Provides Secure Login feature for Authenticated users.

	R1.1:System Provides eRegistration  form  for Money Lenders who are intrested to use our MoneyLending
	 Managment System as website(platform). 
		
		R1.1.1:Registration form contain field to take genaral information of user like fullname,
			address,city,contact number,email_id etc.
 			
		R1.1.2:Registration form also contain custom username and password field which is validated 
			after authentication of valid user.
	
	R1.2:System enable user to login after verification of register imformation by admin with user.

	R1.3:System Authenticate user by username and password(seprately taken in e-registration form)
		after cross verification by admin.

R2:System manages users
	
	R2.1:System store record of each authenticated user based on registered information.
	
	R2.2:System provide seprate (database)connection to each user. 

R3:System  Functions
	
	R3.1:System Provide feature to Add New Account on basis of items taken as  mortgage and manages each
		customers account.

	R3.2:System provide feature to search old customer information which show account transections 
		and customer record.   
			
R4:System  Add New Account on basis of items taken as  mortgage with its customer information and manage 
	customer details.

	R4.1:System provide Customer form to add customer information.
		
		R4.1.1:Customer form field include customer's fullname,address,city,mobile number,email id,
			aadhar number etc to unique identification of customer.
		
		R4.1.2:System is avilable only for people of specific city and nearer villages.
	
	R4.2:System provide reset facility to reset all added customer details.
	
	R4.3:System Add information of customer in database.

R5:System Provide interface to add mortgage items from customer to customer added account.

	R5.1:System can accept only gold,silver or platinum metal jwellary to taken as mortgage.

		R5.1.1:System provide selction category for gold or silver or platinium for crossponding ornaments.

		R5.1.2:System Display diffrent jwellary items(ornaments) based on selection category(gold or silver 
			or platinium).		
	
	R5.2:System enables user to add multiple items of mortgage to customer account.

	R5.3 System enable user to remove multiple items if they are previously added items. 

	R5.4:System provide final weight field to enter final weight of mortgage items of customer.

	R5.5:System Provide final amount field that indicte money given to customer per mortgage items.

R6:System manages items of customer taken as mortgage.

	R6.1:System genrate unique 4 digit refrance number for mortgage items of customer account.

		R6.1.1:System link refrence number to mortgage items of customer.

	R6.2:System Provide user to add refrance place which describe physical location of mortgage items.
	
	R6.3:System attach date to mortgage items. 

	R6.3:System Store all detail of mortgage items to perticular customer.

R7:System verify customer details to its mortgage items.

	R7.1:System review customer details with list of items taken as mortgage from added mortgage items.

	R7.2:System provide revert back if detail not match as per customer.

	R7.3:System (store)save customer detail with its mortgage items details if details are validate. 


R8:System search old account trasection.

	R8.1:System enable user to search customer by name,refrence number,city,mobile number etc..

	R8.2:System display search result

		R8.2.1:search result record formate contain name ,city and refrence number.

		R8.2.2:record of search includes date-wise customer account transection information .

			R8.2.2.1:System enable user to print account  transection report of record.
	
R9:System manages trasection of customer account.
  
	R9.1:System contain custom intrest rate  field for user.
		
		R9.1.1:System calculate simple intrest rate on mortgage items of customer if trasection time 
			is below 1 year.
		R9.1.2:System calculate compound intrest rate on mortgage items of customer if trasection time 
			is above 1 year.

					
	R9.2:System display time elapsed for customer mortgage item in record section.

	R9.3:System provide return money field to user for money paid by customer with interst rate.

	R9.4:System enable user to close account of customer if money is paid by customer.